I’m a student from India and want to learn Digital Logics and Design. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as an intern. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future .Sir we are three brothers and we all are at learning stage and it becomes a lot difficult for the family members to pay the whole amount for all the three of us and if I add up my course it will make even harder for them to pay. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject

OR

I am a student hailing from India. My father is a farmer and my mother is a homemaker. My father spends most of his time in the lands where he works hard to make both ends meet. He is the only source of income in our family and it is not enough to live a sustained lifestyle. I, being the eldest in the family wants to step up and own my responsibilities. I am currently unemployed and want to work in a better sector than farming which can provide better for my family. This specialization can help me mould my interest in my skills and hence turn me into an asset for my family. I am in need of this financial aid because as much as I want to learn this course and hone my skills I am well aware of my families financial crisis and I want to better my family's state so that we can live a better life with respect and dignity.

I want to take this course as I want to learn Data Algorithms. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to a get applied to a job. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

OR

Taking this course would boost my seld confidence knowing that not only I completed an important task but also took the responsibility of creating a foundation for getting closer to my career goals. I believe that making a career for myself will not only be beneficial for me but also for my family. I believe hard work is the key to success and therefore, I plan to devote a major share of my daily routine into learning from this course. Being the first one in my family to achieve such high education, the scholarship will only strengthen my spirit and push me towards greater success. I am also certain that once I am able to achieve the position I want in life I can help others reach their destination too. I am all set to work hard and harder and give back to my family and the community whole heartedly.

The financial status of my family is not good enough to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of debt in the bank and my parents are paying it on a regular basis. It would make their life even more difficult to add a new loan over them. I don't want to be any sort of burden on them. I'd be really grateful to do this course and get one step closer to fulfill the dreams of me and my family.
